0. PERSONAL QUESTIONS1. Tell me something that you have done in your life, which you are particularly proud of.I am proud of arriving here. I am proud of the fact I chose the U.S.A to carry on my career.I am proud of betting all into coding and believing in myself to change my career from my Journalism background. Take in science like I did, shows that anyone, with effort and patience, could achieve their goals in life. I worked in the past with great coders that didn’t have enough aspiration to become the best and the ability to improve.2. What are your failures, and how have you learned from them?As a kid, I used to speak English with my father, just English. While I grew up, my father started feeling more and more comfortable with his Spanish and I let that opportunity pass. My father and I gradually began speaking better Spanish. For many years, I thought that I could have improved my English. ?I finally determined to  move to the Bay Area which helps me to improve my English. Now I am happy to say that I resumed speaking in English with my Dad/father.3. How would you handle correcting a mistake that your manager made?A few rare times in the past, I have spoken to a former employer about a particular error. While working in a newsroom there are some peak moments when a huge event happens and the team is not prepared for that moment. I now remember a case where my boss distributed roles to all the members of the team and the distribution was clearly unbalanced. When we started working with that flow, we soon realized that some of us could take on more responsibilities to decrease the work charge of my peers. At some point, I finished my part and came by to my boss to let him privately know my total disposition of any additional other duties. Suddenly he assigned me a greater task so that we could be the first media to tell the story.4. Tell me something extraordinary you did in the past month.It was definitely signing my first patent as a Software Engineer. I’ve been working along with my wife for months to getting the patent ready. Now we recently got the approval to present it and we are in the stage of having it published.5. What interests you about this job.When I applied for this job I ensured that the project has the projection to become big, so I can learn and grow with it. I also know that THE COMPANY is using the latest technologies. That tells me that the founders and technical managers are careful and restless about how fast the field evolves.Buscar particulareidades de la oferta de trabajo 6. What do you do when priorities change quickly?I always worked in fast-paced environments. And this sort of issues happened often at work. When a higher priority task arrives, I always let the first task ready, in a point where I could resume it later. I write down all the information needed, and start with the higher priority task. Sometimes short and fast tasks could block other people flows. It’s then when I try to unlock ASAP other people’s work to focus on further due’s tasks .7. What is the worst mistake you ever made? How did you handle it?In my position almost one year and a half ago at Newsela, I usually had to claim my daily work. It took me around four hours to write/correct each article. Once I claimed two articles on a row with just six hours due time to finish both. I though that working harder and faster would be enough to finish both articles on time. And it worked many other times, (but not this time). With less than 4 hours remaining I knew I was going to miss that deadline. I screwed it up because that article because it was almost impossible to have the story on air that night. I texted my boss right away, and the article was again on the wire to be claimed. The story was published late and I apologized for that.After I missed that deadline, I created a spreadsheet for all future projects with an organized workflow, splitting it in little sub steps. I optimized my times cutting my project spent time 35% off. I also learnt how to organize myself, my time and never missed a deadline.8. How have you changed in the last five years?Five years ago, I got a pleasant life in Spain. My wife and I bought our own flat, both worked on an economically exhausted country. Then we realized that we needed an adventure. Since the day we met we knew we wanted to have our experience abroad, so one day we sat down and talked about the idea of taking a flight to the Bay Area. From that point on we focused all our energies on getting our VISAs and came here.Two years after coming we collected more experiences than we ever expected. I changed my residence, my country, my language and now also my career.9. Why should we hire you?Each person is a different universe. I can deliver something that any other could give to this company. I started in content with a special care for design I gradually came to code passing through SEO. Those are really important matters to me. 10. Describe yourself. What excites you?On my free time I love with a nutritive conversation around a table, I like to solve riddles in group on any of this famous collaborative board games like the Scape the room series. Jazz music excites me, and ending the day close to my wife watching our favorite TV Show, with the satisfaction of having all the duties done.11. What have you created in the last month? A video web App using React. I replicated the Apple Homepage, and I also worked on my first patent. I built my wife’s website.12. What is more important, fixing the customer’s problem or creating a good customer experience? Why? Both are equally important, and are actually related to each other. Fixing customer problems is part of the customer experience. When a customer contacts the company is because they have a problem. So solving the problem with good manners should always be the goal. If you are able to solve the problem, good. Both objectives achieved. If not, at least prove your best will, give alternatives and always attend, listen to the customer on their demands.13. What would you do if the Internet is not working?Text editors don’t need the Internet to work, so I would work on my code till the Internet is recovered.   14. How have you acted as a mentor to a co-worker?Whenever a new peer comes to the lab I like introducing him to other people of the team. I lately did so with our friend Carlos. While expending a day together she thanked me to let her accomplish some tasks by herself, see all corrections by her side. I don’t like giving my peers a long speech when teaching them something. I totally prefer telling them the basics, let them guess how to do the task, think the logics of the workflow together and listen their suggestions and doubts. Like that, I feel they gain the confidence to face a work challenge and feel free to ask any question whenever it comes up.15. What is the most difficult situation you have ever faced in your life? How did you handle it?I believe that the worst moment in my life was dealing with the moment when any of my relatives passed away. I obviously suffered, but like in other transcendental matters in life I usually try to relative big issues, definitely not depress myself assuming that death is part of life. 16. What personal qualities / characteristics do you value most in others?Having the correct attitude, passion and willpower. Anyone fight it’s own battles and I don’t consider mines are tougher than others. The main core difference is how you face them. I saw many people dealing with really tough situations with the positive mood and really overcoming the worst situations. From that moment on, that person has earned all my admiration and respect.17. Why did you leave your last job?Whenever I changed my position was to make an improvement. In this situation, if I leave Apple is actually because I feel that is my time to give a step forward into coding.